# DriverPass

The client is called DriverPass and they want the system to be able to make reservations for driving lessons, take practice tests and view tests progress, display student information, and view notes from the driving instructors during the in-car sessions. This project's purpose is to help inexperienced drivers prepare for written and driving tests at the DMV. The project will let customers take online practice tests to prepare for the actual test and on-the-road training to better prepare them for driving tests. An aspect of the project I did very well was developing the business requirements document. I reviewed the DriverPass interview to collect the requirements of the project and developed the document based on the conversation with the owner. I was able to clearly breakdown the project in the document and take the information given by the owner and expand upon it. A change I would make to a document I submitted would be revising my use case diagram. The change I would make to the document would be to include the owner as an actor in the system. The owner would inherit from the admin class but also be able to download information from the application when offline. This was a feature the owner mentioned during the requirements meeting. The user needs were interpreted from the client during the interview and then they were expanded upon. The interview was used to create functional and nonfunctional requirements for the system. The requirements are then used to create functionality in the application, and components of the system are designed to meet the requirements. UML diagrams can be used for requirements gathering to design and implementation. They can help to create and display the structure and behavior of a system and can aid in identifying potential issues. It’s important to consider user needs when designing an application because it leads to creating a product that satisfies all the needs of the users. If a product does not meet the user's needs, it’s unlikely to be used or recommended by others. Also creating a user-centered design ensures that a product is easy to use and understand. These factors lead to the client being satisfied and the users choosing the application over the competition. The techniques I will use for analyzing and designing a system include interviewing clients to define requirements of the system, using use case models to define goals of the system and how systems will interact, and designing the system with the user's needs and preferences in mind. 
